[MUSIC PLAYING]
- New documentary.
JAMES FREEMAN: The
Shamans down here
have been using ayahuasca
for thousands of years.
I want to love and be loved.
I just miss the
emotional capacity.
I want to feel again.
- This week on Gaia, on
"Dragonfly enLightning Talks."
NASEEM SAYANI: And if we change
the language that we talk with
and how we engage and
how we share stories,
we literally have influence in
our hands that we can activate.
- On "Cosmic Disclosure--"
TIM: AI in itself is
non-terrestrial presence
that actually spreads
across the universe
in a very synthetic, unique way.
- On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith--"
J. DOUGLAS KENYON:
People can look
at their personal psychology
and understand now--
they're influenced
by things that
happen that they did-- they
thought when they were a child.
- On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory--"
SARAH BREWSKMAN COSME:
We are on this trajectory
of this mass awakening.
Every single person that's
walking the planet today
is part of this ancient
group of beings.
- Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]